docs/data_structures/array.md, before:

# Array

## Implementation

The `Array` class is implemented at [array.py](../../data_structures/array.py)

## Explanation

This code defines an `Array` class that is implemented using a Python `list`. The class has the following methods:

- `init`: Initializes the class with an optional `capacity` parameter. If no `capacity` is provided, the default value of 10 is used. The class also has a `size` attribute that starts at 0 and a data attribute that is initialized as a list of 0's with the `capacity` `size`.
- `append`: Adds a value to the end of the array. If the `size` of the array is equal to the `capacity`, it calls the `resize` method.
`insert`: Inserts a value at a given `index` in the array. If the `size` of the array is equal to the `capacity`, it calls the `resize` method. It shifts all elements after the given `index` to the right to make space for the new value.
- `delete`: Removes a value at a given `index` in the array. It shifts all elements after the given `index` to the left to fill the gap left by the removed value.
- `resize`: Doubles the `capacity` of the array and creates a new data list with the new `capacity`. It then copies the values from the old data list to the new one.
- `__getitem__`: Allows for using square bracket notation to access elements in the array. If the `index` is out of range, it raises an `IndexError`.
- `__setitem__`: Allows for using square bracket notation to set the value of an element in the array. If the `index` is out of range, it raises an `IndexError`.
- `__len__`: Returns the `size` of the array


The code also includes a `TestArray` class that inherits from the `unittest.TestCase` class and tests the `Array` class using the `unittest` library. The test cases check that the `append`, `insert`, `delete`, and `indexing` methods work as expected, and that the `resize` method is called when needed, and it also check if the `IndexError` is raised when an `index` is out of range.

Commit message:

refactor(docs): update docs of basic data structures - Add data structure intros - Add visualization images - Add Complexities table - And some minor fixes

docs/data_structures/array.md, after:

# Array

An array is a data structure that stores a collection of elements identified by indices. Arrays can have multiple dimensions and different ways of indexing and storing the elements. Arrays are useful for efficient computation and data manipulation. Arrays can be implemented by various data types and structures depending on the programming language. An array’s properties and operations can be described by a dope vector.

Other data structures, such as lists, heaps, hash tables, double-ended queue, queues, stacks, strings, and VLists, are implemented using arrays. When compared to tree-based data structures (compare a sorted array to a search tree), array-based implementations of other data structures are frequently simple and space-efficient (implicit data structures), requiring little space overhead, but may have poor space complexity, particularly when modified.

## Implementation

The `Array` class is implemented at [array.py](../../data_structures/array.py)

## Explanation

This code defines an `Array` class that is implemented using a Python `list`. The class has the following methods:

- `init`: Initializes the class with an optional `capacity` parameter. If no `capacity` is provided, the default value of 10 is used. The class also has a `size` attribute that starts at 0 and a data attribute that is initialized as a list of 0's with the `capacity` `size`.
- `append`: Adds a value to the end of the array. If the `size` of the array is equal to the `capacity`, it calls the `resize` method.
`insert`: Inserts a value at a given `index` in the array. If the `size` of the array is equal to the `capacity`, it calls the `resize` method. It shifts all elements after the given `index` to the right to make space for the new value.
- `delete`: Removes a value at a given `index` in the array. It shifts all elements after the given `index` to the left to fill the gap left by the removed value.
- `resize`: Doubles the `capacity` of the array and creates a new data list with the new `capacity`. It then copies the values from the old data list to the new one.
- `__getitem__`: Allows for using square bracket notation to access elements in the array. If the `index` is out of range, it raises an `IndexError`.
- `__setitem__`: Allows for using square bracket notation to set the value of an element in the array. If the `index` is out of range, it raises an `IndexError`.
- `__len__`: Returns the `size` of the array


The code also includes a `TestArray` class that inherits from the `unittest.TestCase` class and tests the `Array` class using the `unittest` library. The test cases check that the `append`, `insert`, `delete`, and `indexing` methods work as expected, and that the `resize` method is called when needed, and it also check if the `IndexError` is raised when an `index` is out of range.
